HLD NotesThursday, October 05, 2017
2:11 PMSection 1: High Level Requirement Overview
The Shop consists of four logical modules namely User Management, Shopping, Key 
Functions and Content Management. These four categorized modules consists of 
functional requirements which directly or indirectly supports in fulfilment of a 
customer lifecycle or transactional journey in the application.
 
In the diagram, you can point to various functionalities and correlated them 
with various business requirements being implemented in BSI Shop platform. 
Similarly some non-functional requirements are also mentioned under this 
section.
 
Section 2: BSI Shop to-be Reference Architecture (BSI Artefact)
This section is not required to go in detail. We just need to mention that this 
is the reference architecture for Shop solution which has been put up by BSI 
(Ivan) and the solution design is based on this reference architecture.
 
Section 3: BSI Shop Solution
High Level Functional Solution
BSI Shop application is the component which provides core e-Commerce 
functionalities along with other supporting features such as content management, 
user management etc. This Shop application is hosted on Magento public cloud.
Another key part is the set of BSI applications which supports multiple internal 
activities and transactional data management. These applications are hosted on 
BSI private cloud apart from a few such as Google Analytics which is a third 
party offering.
 
Just highlight the category wise applications shown in the right hand side box.
 
Detailed Functional Solution
This is the lifecycle view of the Shop platform where various uses such as 
customers, business, admin etc. will act based on their assigned privileges and 
need.
 
Just highlight the category wise features listed in the diagram with a little 
bit explanation
 
Key Architecture Principles  
The points mentioned are self-explanatory, we just need to highlight key 
messaging here under each point.
 
Magento Technical Architecture
This section explains the Magento based BSI shop application's technical 
architecture.
 
The key messaging is that Magento will provided the core e-commerce features 
with supporting functionalities such as content management etc. This application 
in turn will interact with multiple BSI applications and services to fulfil the 
transactional needs which are shown on the right hand side of the diagram.
Also explain the tech stack and tools for Magento.
 
Magento Solution Integration Architecture
This is the most critical section in this discussion. The diagram displays 
various integrations with BSI applications.
Summary is - SCR for products data, DWH for transactional and master data (list 
is mentioned), SAP for created order related data, E-Commerce API is the channel 
or interface to fulfil the integration with SAP BAPI interface, DRM (digital 
rights management) for rules management of assets (CDS - (content delivery 
service) API can also come into picture), Payment gateway for payments, VAT 
services for validations and applying rules to calculate tax amount (this will 
be recommended from TCS side and will be a Magento extension), Pardot and SFDC 
for sales/marketing analytics information (these are mainly embedded forms at 
multiple places on the Shop application which will capture customer infromation 
and trends related data), google analytics for web analytics and BSI SSO 
application is an OAuth protocol based single sign on application.
Please go through the details about each interface in section 5. Some tools and 
services which we are using as part of the Magento cloud platform are also 
mentioned over here.
 
Key Solution Decisions
The points mentioned are self-explanatory, we just need to highlight key 
messaging here under each point.
 
Key Security Considerations
The points mentioned are self-explanatory, we just need to highlight key 
messaging here under each point.
 
Section 4: Magento Configurations
This section describes various configurations and setup which we need implement 
to have the platform setup.
 
Section 5: Detailed Integration Design
The table represents all the interfaces with details of services for each 
interfaces that will be implemented to integration Magento Shop applications 
with BSI applications. 
 
Please go through this list in detail. Also read the comments by Ivan and Azham 
and its responses. They may ask some queries around these.
The section further contains sequence diagram which I think can be discussed in 
detail, please go through each of these to get detailed knowledge.
 
 
Created with Microsoft OneNote 2013.